[heart beating]
[spotlight clicks]
[loud clacking]
[typewriter dings]
[projector whirring]
[energetic, rhythmic music playing]
[gulls crying in distance]
[excited chatter]
[gulls crying]
- [scanner beeps]
- [woman] Buongiorno.
Buongiorno.
- Excuse me. Catalog, please.
- [scanner beeps]
Signore, welcome to Venice.
- Thank you.
- Prego.
It feels good to be back.
[Cyrus] How we doing, team?
The champagne's on ice,
so let's wrap this up.
[indistinct, overlapping conversations]
[speaks Italian]
[Cyrus] Ah, no, grazie.
[chuckles] Oh, you must.
You know, they're quite exquisite.
No, thank you.
- [Cyrus] How does it feel in the hall?
- Nineteen million!
- [whispering] Rich.
- [Cyrus] My favorite feeling.
[auctioneer] Nineteen million in London.
Going once.
Going twice.
- [gavel bangs]
- [auctioneer] Sold!
[crowd applauds and cheers]
[auctioneer] Thank you. Thank you.
Please, let's now turn
our attention to the next item.
Item number 235
is a painting by Kehinde Wiley
titled The Prelude.
Do I have seven million?
[softly] In position, London?
[Luke] Checking in from the Thames.
Just taking position
near the drop site now.
[Magnus] Are you part of Uber Boats now?
[Luke] Stay focused, mate.
[auctioneer] Going once.
All right, then. Let's show them
what true artistry looks like.
Sold for 11 million
to Mr. Mollsen in Venice.
Ah great. Tech boy's got a new toy.
[gulls call in distance]
[camera shutter clicking]
[auctioneer on TV] The Kehinde Wiley
sets another record
joining the Hirst and the Franz Marc.
Ross!
[indistinct female voice on PA]
[in Italian] Police.
Cultural Heritage Unit.
[on earpiece] Stefano, are you there?
Yes, we're here.
[in English] Local police are in position.
If Cyrus tries to swipe anything,
he's in for a surprise.
Ladies and gentlemen,
it's my pleasure to introduce you to N8.
- [upbeat hip-hop music playing]
- [crowd applauds and cheers]
[auctioneer] As you know,
the digital artist
has remained anonymous
throughout his career.
But today he's here to auction off
a single-edition NFT...
There he is, among the bidders.
[Ross] He's not even wearing a mask.
He's like, "Here I am."
What's it gonna be, Cyrus?
The Wiley's too hard to transport,
the Warhols are a little tired.
At least we know he won't lift the NFT.
Nothing to lift.
And now, it's my honor to present
Self Importrait by N8.
[crowd cheers]
[auctioneer] Comprised of 482 cameras,
this mask will create the NFT.
Inspired by Vincent van Gogh,
the digital art piece will be generated
from a live 30-second feed.
Once complete, the NFT will
have captured the moment of its sale,
which will include the buyer.
Do we have an opening bid?
Twelve million.
- What?
- [crowd murmuring]
Quick. Look up paddle 1305.
Uh, registered to John Bratby.
Shit. He knows we're here.
How'd you know?
John Bratby, British, mid-century,
painted scenes of domestic life.
- And that gives us away, uh, how?
- [sighs]
I'm living in his old studio.
[auctioneer] Twelve million.
Twelve million is the standing bid.
Thirteen million in London.
- Fifteen. We have 15 here in Venice.
- [crowd gasps]
- 16.5.
- [auctioneer] 16.5.
Seventeen million.
Seventeen and a half.
[auctioneer] Welcome to the bidding,
Mr. Sage.
- Eighteen million!
- [stunned chatter]
Nineteen.
Twenty million.
[crowd clamoring]
Twenty million dollars in Venice.
[scoffs]
[auctioneer] Going once.
Going twice.
Ready?
[Mi-Sun] Ready.
Sold.
- Lift.
- [device beeps]
- [alarm wailing]
- [message playing on PA in Italian]
[alarmed chatter]
He's making a move. We need to go in. Go!
[in Italian] Go, go!
[on earpiece] Stefano, let's go!
[recording on PA in English]
Leave immediately by the nearest exit.
[reader beeping]
- [chimes]
- [Magnus] Thank you, Stewart.
[machinery whirring]
[crowd continues clamoring]
N8, I'm so sorry for the confusion, sir.
I can escort you out.
Hold on. I just spent $20 million.
I want my NFT.
Perhaps we can make the transfer
at our offices.
Or how about my yacht?
[N8] Yeah, okay.
Follow me.
[energetic music playing]
[in Italian] Interpol.
Cultural Heritage Unit.
Your auction is being robbed.
- What?
- You need to lock everything down. Now!
[in English] Gotcha.
[N8] Where's the yacht?
This is the boat
that takes us to the yacht.
Ross, what if Cyrus is
making a play for the NFT?
[Ross] I thought he bought it?
[scoffs] For 20 million?
No way he has that. It's a con.
But the only way to steal an NFT...
Is to steal the access code, and the only
way to do that... is to steal the artist.
- [engine revs]
- [tense music playing]
[excited chatter]
[tube whirs, beeps]
[light chatter]
[in Italian] Stefano,
I need a boat at the pier.
[Stefano] Yes, right away.
Just keep them in sight.
[glasses beep, whirring]
[console chimes]
[Mi-Sun in English] Time to play.
[fire alarm blaring]
[siren wailing]
Stop! [speaks Italian]
[passengers shouting in Italian]
[in English] Looks like we've got a tail.
- [N8] What?
- [Camila] Fans of yours?
[engine revs]
[in Italian] Let's go!
[Cyrus scoffs]
[N8 in English] Are you sure this is safe?
[grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
[masked passenger screams]
[console beeps]
[alarm blaring]
[metal creaking]
[engine revs]
[in Italian] Go faster!
[steady beeping]
No! No! No! No! No! Right! Right!
[ferry horn blasts]
[suspenseful music building]
Go! Go! Go!
[music stops]
[sighs]
[team chuckles]
[Cyrus in English] Nicely done, team.
Put out a yellow notice for N8.
["Edamame" by bbno$ playing]
♪ Balls hanging low
While I pop a bottle off a yacht ♪
♪ Chain swanging, cling-clang
And it cost a lot ♪
♪ I'm always at the guala
Yeah, and you are not ♪
♪ Badass B, keep on going
Till you hit the spot ♪
♪ Whoa, I'm a big bag hunter
With the bow ♪
♪ She got a big bad, drop it low ♪
♪ Mama called me
And she happy with the growth... ♪
[Cyrus] Thank you.
[N8] Oh, nice.
You can take your mask off.
You can trust us.
["Edamame" fades]
[Cyrus] Come on. Let's get you paid.
[laptop chimes]
[Cyrus] Nice doing business with you, N8.
[N8] Twenty mil?
- [Camila] Congratulations!
- [Mi-Sun] Congrats!
- [N8 cheers]
- [Cyrus] All right, my man!
Let's make a toast!
- [all cheer]
- ["Players" by Coi Leray playing]
♪ 'Bout to catch another flight
The apple bottom make 'em wanna bite ♪
♪ I just wanna have a good night ♪
♪ Just wanna have a good night ♪
♪ Hold up if you don't know now you know ♪
♪ If he broke, then you gotta let him go
You could have anybody, eeny, miny, moe ♪
♪ 'Cause when you a boss
You could do what you want ♪
[laughs, echoes] Yeah!
["Players" fades]
[Abby] Did you extract N8's footage?
It was on a loop,
so all we have is the last 30 seconds.
Here's one angle.
- [indistinct chatter on laptop]
- [sirens wailing]
Stop. Go back a few seconds.
The other bidder, make him larger.
The cane. Go back.
Now play it forward.
Stop. Go back.
Again.
[sighs] That limp is an act.
Find me bidder 1099.
[energetic music playing]
Acclaimed American artist N8
is missing this morning
following an auction in Venice last night.
And it's being reported the artist's
own cameras captured his abduction.
Interpol has put out a yellow notice
asking anyone with information
on his whereabouts
to contact their local police.
[cell phone ringing and vibrating]
[moans]
[N8 exhales]
Look, it's you.
[N8] People think I'm missing?
Didn't you tell the auction house
we were gonna be here?
Oh shit.
Shit.
Holy shit. You guys kidnapped me.
- Come on!
- Do you feel kidnapped?
No.
- [Camila] Mm.
- [N8] Who are you, Mr. Bratby?
Well, N8, my team and I
are real lovers of art.
- We love paintings.
- Video art installations.
Sculptures.
Photography over here.
Street art, maybe.
But we've never lifted an NFT.
So you're thieves?
We rescue works of art
from undeserving owners.
And while I took Interpol on a tour...
The rest of our team was in London,
rescuing a Van Gogh.
But you bought my NFT, right?
I mean, I saw...
A legit transaction.
We presold the Van Gogh
on the black market for $20 million.
Enough to cover your NFT.
Then why did you fake my kidnapping?
Borrowing.
A human.
Leonardo da Vinci sold
The Mona Lisa for $25,000,
and nobody gave a shit about it
for 400 years until someone stole it.
That smile is now worth $860 million
because there's a crazy story behind it.
Just like the one of us borrowing you.
And thanks to Interpol
and all the free publicity, well,
the whole world now thinks
that you've been kidnapped,
which only drove the price
of the NFT through the roof.
- How much did we sell it for?
- We just closed, uh...
Eighty-nine million.
What?!
What?
Eighty-nine million dollars.
I... I beat Van Gogh?
If my calculations are correct,
we made $42 million
and you made 27 million.
[exhales shakily]
Boom!
[sighs]
Let's make a toast.
- All right.
- To the world's first heist of an NFT!
- Hey!
- [group] Cheers!
- [group cheers]
- Cheers! Hey! Whoo!
Whoo, whoo, whoo!
Round of drinks on Luke, guys!
Everyone! Round of drinks!
- No!
- [Magnus] Yes!
[exhales]
Where's Denton?
[Abby] Forgery, fraud, fraud,
money laundering, impersonation, fraud.
Hmm. Grand theft auto?
Yes.
It was a 1967 Ferrari Spider.
- What color?
- Silver.
Walnut dash, cream leather interior.
And you crashed it into a canal?
Okay, I did.
You know, easy come, easy go.
So... you two go back to Chicago, huh?
I've never met this man before in my life.
Oliver might know who he is, though.
Who's Oliver?
Oliver! Oliver!
Oliver? [echoing]
Oliver!
[whimsical music playing]
[chuckles]
Oliver would have never crashed
the Ferrari.
He's too responsible.
Can I talk to Oliver?
No.
Okay, then. Let's talk about RICO.
Thanks to your mess-up with the cane,
we've got you placing a bid you didn't
have the funds to cover, which is fraud.
And because it was over $10 million,
you're eligible for extradition to the US,
where you're facing 20 years to life.
Twenty years is life.
And your friends
are looking at kidnapping,
wire fraud, identity fraud,
and transportation of stolen property.
Did I leave anything out?
A little joy, maybe.
[Ross] Boss. Got something.
This just came for you.
[scoffs]
[intriguing, rhythmic music playing]
We're going back to London.
And we're taking him with us.
Yay.
Is Denton still in holding?
- You mean Oliver?
- [scoffs] For real?
This Oliver, he is a real pain in the ass.
Gladwell. Come with me, please.
- I'm in the middle of something.
- Right. Wasn't a request.
[Abby] Everything okay?
[Huxley] If it were, we'd be out of a job.
Listen, I, uh...
I need to borrow your friend Cyrus.
He's not my friend.
And what do you mean, "borrow"?
Well, in the same way
that he would borrow a Picasso.
- I'm gonna offer him a deal.
- [Abby] What?
- No.
- [Huxley] Yeah.
No, no! You do not get to do this.
You think the art division
is a third-rate department.
It is.
But you do not get to wipe out
a year of my work.
That's literally what I'm doing,
so take a seat and let it sink in.
[tense music playing]
What do you know about Lars Jorgensen?
- He owns a hell of a lot of stolen art.
- He's done a lot worse than that.
He started as a banker who was legit,
then began putting
his money in terror groups,
bankrolling attacks, then shorting
irrelevant stocks and making a fortune.
He doesn't care how many people die,
just how much ends up in his bank account.
Remember the New Zealand plane
that went down? 183 dead.
Airline stock plummeted
just like those poor souls.
And guess who made a fortune
off shorting that stock?
So why haven't you arrested him?
It's what I've been trying to do
for years, but nothing can stick.
Everyone's scared of him.
Except that now,
I have someone on the inside.
This guy.
Arthur Tigue.
Now, Jorgensen's been paying Tigue
to work on something new.
I caught him,
I turned him, and I got him to talk.
According to this weasel,
Jorgensen's been chatting
with the hacker group Leviathan.
Leviathan?
[Huxley] They're planning some kind
of massive strike on water.
Utilities, dams, it's all on the grid now.
They could flood a city.
Dry up a whole country if they wanted.
Millions could die.
And Jorgensen would make billions off it.
He's been shorting stocks and utilities.
We don't know when
or where he's gonna strike.
But what we do know is that
Leviathan want their payment in gold.
Half a billion dollars in gold,
to be precise.
And Jorgensen is gonna move it
from his vault
in London to Zurich in 17 days.
- You can't intercept it because it's...
- Totally legal...
To move your own gold.
No.
No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no.
- [Huxley] You don't know what I'll ask.
- I do.
- You don't.
- You want Cyrus to nick the gold.
Well, I wouldn't have used
the word "nick," but...
You want to rely on Cyrus Whitaker
for an operation of this scale?
Trust him with
half a billion dollars worth of gold?
Yeah, why not?
He's a thief,
a con man, a professional liar.
You cannot possibly trust him.
I work in a building
with intelligence agents,
and I don't trust any of them.
'Cause we're all liars. All of us.
- What's another one?
- It is not the same thing.
Our job is to do things we don't like
and make calls we don't want,
so the rest of the world
can just carry on.
What if he says no?
It's your job to make sure
that doesn't happen.
[bright, energetic music playing]
[exhales]
Took you long enough.
[elevator bell dings]
[pop music playing on stereo]
Can I get you a drink?
What is it? Tequila during the day,
vodka by night, right?
- I'll get it.
- [chuckles]
All the good stuff is in the back.
Yeah. But we wouldn't want you to take
all year to find it. Let me help you.
You look good.
[Abby clears throat]
[chuckles]
You know, it is pretty funny
that the thing that got you busted
was an NFT.
A little tacky.
Sometimes, you gotta roll with the times.
And stop, we didn't steal anything.
That NFT was
a completely legitimate transaction.
Right. Of course.
- [takes a deep breath] Am I in trouble?
- For stealing a Van Gogh?
We caught your buyer.
He gave up Denton, Luke, and Magnus.
That was real cute, by the way,
nicking the painting that was in the NFT.
Thought you'd appreciate
the artistry involved.
You stole art, Cyrus. You didn't make it.
[Cyrus grunts softly]
[takes a deep breath]
Are you still pissed about Paris?
- I'm not going to discuss that with you.
- No?
- No.
- I was kind of hoping we could.
- It was a mistake, okay? An accident.
- An accident? For a full week?
It was five days, not a week!
A business week.
And if I'd have known
who you were, what you did,
it would never have happened.
So, what about you?
I mean, I thought I was going to dinner
with the curator of the Gagosian.
- I was undercover.
- So was I.
- Not the same.
- Agree to disagree.
We fell for the cover. That's it.
That's all it was.
Okay, so what is this?
- Are you here to arrest me, Abby?
- Agent Gladwell.
Agent? [scoffs]
And no.
I have been ordered to offer you a deal.
[laughs]
Wow.
- That's gotta sting, huh?
- [sighs]
Is that why you're so pissed?
What kind of deal?
We need you to steal something.
I'm sorry. I couldn't hear you.
Do me a favor. Say it again.
- But slower. Say it slower this time.
- Gold. A lot of gold.
Half a billion dollars' worth.
What's the catch?
The owner of the gold
is a man named Lars Jorgensen.
[Cyrus scoffs]
You know him?
By reputation, yeah.
There's some people you steal from,
and there's some people
that you don't steal from.
Lars Jorgensen kills both.
It's a hard pass for me.
We have you on the Van Gogh, Cyrus.
Denton will die in jail.
If you do this,
it's full immunity for you and your crew.
All felonies wiped clean,
past and present.
Camila hasn't seen
her family in eight years.
Mi-Sun has a grandmother
who doesn't have long to live.
Luke gets to see his poodle again.
Magnus gets to go
to the Cajun Stage at Jazz Fest.
Denton gets to go home, and you...
You get to do
whatever it is you do
without looking over
your shoulder all the time.
- Where are you at in all this?
- What do you mean?
What's your role in the operation?
This is my role.
I make you the offer, that's it.
No, no. If we're signing up for this,
then so are you.
Look, I know how these things work.
If Interpol's involved,
that means as soon as things hit the fan
that we're left hung out to dry.
But if you're with us,
then they can't do that.
With you?
On the team.
- Interpol would never allow it.
- So then ask them.
No you, no deal.
You got 24 hours to respond,
Agent Gladwell.
[smacks lips, sighs]
[music fades]
[Camila] No.
She's Interpol.
- Are you crazy?
- Absolutely not. No disrespect, yeah?
- But no.
- It's a setup.
It's a half a billion in gold.
- That we don't get to keep.
- Yeah, but we get to see it.
What do you want me to say?
If we don't do this, we go to jail.
She has us on the Van Gogh.
Plus, and not that this should sway
anyone, but it's about saving lives.
- Saving lives. Lovely.
- Don't lead with that.
- [Magnus] Boo!
- Oh no, no. No, no.
[tuts] Uh-uh.
I don't appreciate
the emotional blackmail, Cyrus.
[tuts] This is not emotional blackmail.
This is blackmail blackmail.
I just want to say
that I am liking the vibes here.
I think they're good.
I think it's fun. I'm on board.
Yeah. Of course you are.
Because you're crazy.
[Magnus] We gotta stay positive.
- Come on, you don't have to throw a no...
- Take a moment. Don't escalate it.
- Get out of here!
- [Magnus] You get outta here!
Tiny!
- Hey! It's Oliver!
- [group laughs]
Oliver!
I love Oliver!
Agent Gladwell,
I just wanted to introduce you to Oliver.
Wow, I have heard a lot about you.
- [Magnus] Oliver's my favorite.
- [Mi-Sun] Steve?
[Magnus] Scary.
All right, Agent Gladwell has the floor.
Let's give our attention.
- [sighs] Why should we?
- Because she caught us.
She knows what she's doing. Go ahead.
Thank you.
Okay.
[screen whirs]
So, 17 days from now,
Lars Jorgensen is moving
half a billion dollars in gold bars
from his bank in London to Zurich.
Nice.
[Abby] The bars will be packed
in a single four-foot square crate,
total weight, ten tons,
then delivered by truck from the bank
to Heathrow under heavy guard
and loaded onto
a Sky Suisse passenger plane to Zurich.
So, somewhere between the Bank of London
and the runway in Zurich,
the gold needs to disappear.
Gold needs to disappear. Great.
That gave me chills.
Well, it's an exciting story. It's...
- It's impossible.
- It's not impossible.
Oh, this is.
Stay positive. We can do this.
Try it with me.
[in Spanish]
What I can do is beat your ass.
Want your ass beat?
I can understand what you're saying.
[in English] Come on. Stop.
Camila, I'm with you.
I don't know if it's possible.
I don't like it any more than any of you,
but we know the rules to our game.
- When you're beat, what do you do?
- Accept defeat gracefully?
AKA you go to jail or...
[group] Look for the nearest exit.
That's right! This is it. So we do it,
we do it well, and we get out.
Let's treat it like any other lift.
Examine it from top to bottom,
find a weakness.
If there's a way to do it, we find it.
None of us want to go to jail.
And we damn sure
don't want to piss off Lars Jorgensen.
[dog growls]
[birds calling in distance]
[tense music playing]
Morning, Arthur.
[Arthur groans]
So you didn't make it home
from the pub last night, then, eh?
[barks]
[Cormac grunts]
[exhales]
- [Arthur grunts] Okay! Okay!
- [line ringing]
[dog growls]
[Arthur] Stop!
[Cormac] Hey, Jorgensen,
you remember Arthur Tigue.
He used to work for us.
Yes. Mr. Tigue.
I'm sorry I couldn't be there in person.
I just arrived at my villa.
Please, sir! I'm sorry!
Stop begging. It'll just make him
more inclined to violence.
You were arrested last month
on smuggling charges.
[dog barks]
And yet, here you are, a free man.
It's odd.
Very odd.
Interpol only knows half the story!
What about the other half?
You should have kept your mouth shut.
Now we are going to shut it for you.
- [Arthur] No!
- Cormac, feed the dog.
- [Arthur] No! Cormac, please!
- [barking and snarling]
[mellow R&B playing on headphones]
What are you doing?
I hope you know your team
have been working all night
and half the day
trying to figure this out.
[Cyrus chuckles]
The teachers hated you, didn't they?
What? No. I was top of the class.
They loved me.
No. They had to pretend
to like students like you
because, technically, you followed
all the rules and got good grades.
What's wrong with that?
It's boring.
Anybody can do what they're told.
Anybody can memorize facts.
Anybody can shine an apple on their ass.
And what were you like?
Class clown? Wiseass?
I was the opposite.
I was silent.
I was watching the kids
look at the blackboard,
answering the questions
where they thought they should answer.
I never looked at the blackboard.
I was looking at the questions
that weren't being asked.
To cool for school, huh?
I saw the path
that they were being marched down,
and I also saw a different path,
a better one for me.
So I took it.
By breaking the rules?
The rules were already broken
for someone like me.
And if I can remember correctly,
you broke a few rules that week in Paris.
Five days! And yes, I did.
I broke the rules
for the first time in my life
and look what good it did me.
- Why do you care about 'em?
- About what?
The rules. Why do you care
so much about the rules?
[sighs]
Okay.
[exhales]
Okay, when I was a kid,
my mom was headmistress at my school.
It was kind of a shithole,
but it had this picture,
a Hockney print that had been given
to the school in the '70s,
and my mum refused to sell it.
[Cyrus chuckles]
Because she wanted us to know
that we deserved beautiful things.
That our school was just as important
as some swanky art gallery.
That we should all dream big.
And then someone stole it.
Middle of the night.
And I thought,
"When I grow up
I'm going to find out who did that
and bring them down."
And did you?
No.
But I did the next best thing.
Interpol.
- Dream big.
- [chuckles]
[sighs]
I admire that.
Oh no.
- No, no, no. I'm not doing this.
- Doing what? What are you talking about?
Getting sucked in
to a conversation with you.
- Conversation. Is that dangerous?
- How did you put it with your team?
"Find the weakness,
do the job, and get out"?
[Cyrus sighs]
- Is that what you think I did?
- I know it is.
I would never lift from anyone
that doesn't deserve to lose it.
And if I do my job well,
well, the thing I took,
they'll never know was missing.
So you're saying we need to take the gold
in a way that Jorgensen
never knows it's missing.
We're not taking the gold.
That's the problem on the blackboard.
We're looking at a different problem.
We are taking the plane?
Nice!
- The whole plane?
- It's kind of hard to take half a plane.
With 250 people on board?
We're not hijacking a plane, Cyrus.
It's not the '70s.
We're not hijacking anything, Camila.
Don't ever use that word.
- We're borrowing it.
- Love it. Love it.
But how?
To take a plane, you gotta fake a plane.
- All you need is a private jet.
- Oh, just like that?
Yeah. If you can get
the planes close enough together,
you can swap the radar signature.
- I like it.
- Pulling up the flight logs now.
See if we know anyone on the sheets.
Drake's Boeing is at Farnborough.
He must have a gig in London.
Too big.
The King's Hawker is at Northolt.
Too small.
- [laptop chimes]
- [Mi-Sun] Hmm.
- Oh.
- You're gonna like this.
[laughs]
You want me to give you my jet?
No, I want to rent it.
But there are apps for that, man.
Or I can get my guy N8 to make
an NFT specifically for you.
I don't know. My jet is priceless.
It's a one-off concept model. NASA R&D.
Hell, technically, it's not even legal
with the mods.
Especially with the glass roof.
I'm not supposed to fly
in American airspace.
[quietly] I do, though.
It's worth it too, to watch the stars
while, you know, you get your groove on.
- Here's the thing...
- Yeah?
You told an officer at Interpol you've
been illegally flying in US airspace.
- But, he...
- [Abby] So how about this?
We take the plane,
and there's nothing you can do about it.
[Mollsen] Everything is remote-controlled.
Doors, lights. Amazing, right?
That is a word that you could use.
[sighs]
Leave it. No, don't sit down.
- Why not?
- Because I don't know what that stain is.
Ugh.
[remote beeps]
["Pop Out" by Big Boogie playing]
- ♪ Bitch, I'm a big dude ♪
- ♪ Big boy... ♪
Bang-bang!
Oh, stripper pole.
Oh, oh! And the best part of this baby
is the whole of the underneath
is a huge LED screen, which we can program
to say whatever
we want.
Gucci life.
Ball so hard. Ball so hard. Ball so hard.
- You don't have to do that.
- Ball so hard.
We get it.
- Ball so...
- We understand.
[laughs awkwardly]
Come on.
[funky music playing]
[backup alert beeping]
So this is the best Interpol could do?
You work for the government now, Cyrus.
Doesn't it make you feel
all warm and fuzzy?
No. [chuckles] Not one bit.
So, let's break it down.
We gotta make
that jet invisible to radar,
find a way to get it close
to an A380 to swap signals,
then crack a safe at 30,000 feet.
Piece of cake.
[Magnus] Cyrus.
- Yeah?
- All right, you gotta see this.
[device beeps]
["Chop Suey!" blasting]
♪ Wake up, wake up
Grab a brush and put a little makeup... ♪
The sound waves
mimic the turbulence of the plane!
♪ Why'd you leave the keys
Upon the table... ♪
Look, Lebron James!
♪ Grab a brush and put a little makeup
You wanted to ♪
♪ Hide the scars, fade away the shake-up ♪
♪ Why'd you leave the keys
Upon the table ♪
♪ You wanted to ♪
- [song ends]
- With this laser, I could crack this vault
anywhere on earth in ten minutes flat,
but it's gotta be on earth.
Up in the plane, the turbulence
is going to shake the laser.
If I'm a millimeter off in any direction,
this... this vault turns into
an impenetrable steel box.
So you need a stabilizer.
Stewart platform?
Stewart platform. That's it.
Stewart platform! Genius!
Someone give me a hug!
- A lot of caffeine.
- Mm.
[energetic music playing]
[alert blaring]
[automated voice] Descend! Descend!
Descend!
[Camila] I keep getting caught
in the A380's wake.
Stop it. I've seen you handle much worse.
You remember Corsica, don't you?
- Okay.
- [laughs]
Camila needs help
staying out of the A380's wake.
Can you work N8's cameras
into your stealth mods
to give her full visibility
around the plane?
I mean, at those speeds,
it just hasn't been done before.
First time for everything.
- I mean, if anybody can do it, you can.
- Yeah.
[Cyrus] Right?
I got it.
My guy.
Mi-Sun, I'm gonna need a hand.
Hey, uh, too much? Or...
Are you going for, like,
Gandalf the Grey? Or Moses?
- No.
- [Cyrus] Then, yeah, that's too much.
Um...
- Am I crazy?
- Yes.
- You think I should call it off?
- No, of course not.
I don't know.
You're uncertain?
I don't think I've seen that before.
I just don't like that it's her who asked.
- You know the history there, right?
- No.
Met a year ago in Paris at the Biennale,
but neither of us were honest
about our circumstances, so...
I see.
But it was nothing. It was a week.
A business week, not even a full week.
Right. I understand.
Why you say it like that?
What does that mean?
Well, it's just, you know,
the way you look at her.
The way I look at her?
How do I look at her?
[gentle music playing]
[gasps softly]
- What are you doing?
- This is what...
You saying I make that face?
- I've never made a face like that.
- This?
[Cyrus] Nobody makes that face.
All right, how about you stop?
Let's stop. You're being stupid.
- Grow up, you're being childish.
- [Denton] Look at me.
- I'm looking at you!
- Now look at her.
- You want me to look?
- Yeah.
Look like a damn creep. Proud of yourself?
- Yes.
- It doesn't matter, right?
I mean, what we're talking about,
this thing like that, it'll never happen.
- Why not?
- What do you mean, why not?
- Yeah?
- The same reason none of us are married.
Why we don't have kids,
why you don't have a personal life.
The game we're in
is not compatible with love.
- That's a little lonely, no?
- [Cyrus] Lonely?
How about when we partied
for New Year's Eve, Taj Mahal?
I'm saying there's respect
and there's admiration and friendships,
but is there closeness? Is there intimacy?
I just told you. That's not what it is.
- Right, it's nothing.
- It's not...
I know. I heard you.
You said that. Nothing.
- Think about it.
- Thanks, boss.
So Luke is working on making
the private jet invisible to GPS,
but to do the same for the A380,
we need a PSID.
What's that?
Portable Signal Interference Device.
It blocks all GPS transmissions
from the A380 to air traffic control.
But I'm already working on getting
the parts.
They'll be here tomorrow.
Okay, so what's the problem?
The chance of us turning on the PSID and
the transponder at the exact same moment
in two different planes,
both moving over 700 miles per hour,
is next to impossible.
So if air traffic control suddenly see
two planes with the same signal
or if the A380 suddenly disappears...
[scoffs] It's over.
If you can't hack the tech,
you gotta hack the people.
- We need someone in air traffic control.
- In Brussels.
Why Brussels?
The minute the plane
crosses the English Channel,
that's who'll be tracking it till Zurich.
Do we know someone in Brussels?
[mouthing silently]
I know someone. [sighs]
He's a piece of shit, but I know someone.
[energetic music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
['80s rock playing on stereo]
[grunts] Well, I don't know what this is,
but it's not a cappuccino, Claude.
Screw you, Harry.
Hey! I'm trying to help you.
I'm being honest.
People won't stand for that.
Starbucks'll come along,
and you'll be done.
I'm not going to pay for it.
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
I'll drink it.
I'm just not going to pay for it.
Sort your life out, yeah?
Free coffee?
You know this guy, how?
Harry is an informant.
We had to relocate him to Belgium,
because so many people wanted him dead.
Thought you were here to ask me a favor.
We are. We need help
with air traffic control in Brussels.
Someone who can
communicate with the pilots,
overlook any potential glitches.
Glitches.
Sounds nefarious. Is this official?
Yes and no.
[sighs] Then I could lose my job.
I could go to jail.
They could pin a terrorism charge on me,
so thanks, but no thanks.
Interpol will protect you.
[sighs] I really,
really want to say yes, but...
You'll be saving lives.
[laughs]
We'll pay you a million dollars.
Happy to be in business with you.
- Cyrus. We don't have that kind of money.
- I do.
- You'd do that?
- Yeah, it's about saving lives, isn't it?
Listen to the man! Listen to him.
You wouldn't happen to know anyone
who can load cargo off an A380, would you?
I might know a few people, yeah.
It's Huxley. He wants to see us.
Hey.
Commander Dennis Huxley,
London Metropolitan Police Service,
seconded to Interpol Anti-Terrorism.
Is that your full name?
Why don't we take a seat?
This'll be quick.
[ducks quacking]
Really?
[Cyrus] Okay, big dog.
So, Arthur Tigue washed up
on the Irish coast in six grocery bags.
- What?
- Who's Arthur Tigue?
You didn't tell him?
Arthur Tigue was an employee of Jorgensen.
And he was found dead?
Yeah, and it's why we think the bank's
brought the transfer to ten days from now.
Ten days?
That's not enough time.
I'm sorry, Abby, I'm out.
Cyrus, it's...
You're out? I didn't realize
this was an opt-in situation.
- It was when I opted in.
- Uh-huh.
And unlike Arthur Tigue,
I'm smart enough to walk away.
You're smart or you're scared?
'Cause you're worried that
you're going to get killed? Don't worry.
You're from the art world,
and you're small-time.
Made you a brilliant choice.
No one's expecting anything
from Cyrus Whitaker.
And if you don't do this,
I will take away your immunity,
and I'll bring the power of international
law down on you and your misfits.
Comprende, homeboy?
- Better get your boy.
- [Abby] Guys!
Guys, innocent people's lives
are on the line.
I will talk to my team,
but understand that if we do this,
we're doing it for you.
It's not for him.
See you back in London.
Don't say it.
"Homeboy?"
[Abby sighs]
[excited chatter]
[man on TV] ...saying his cabinet
will meet tomorrow morning,
in order to declare a state of alarm.
- Luke?
- [Luke] Yeah?
Turn that up.
Once again, chaos in Madrid tonight
with reports that cyberterrorists have
targeted the city's main water grid.
Reports of widespread flooding
in the streets and subways,
and pipes bursting
in homes across the city.
The death toll currently stands at 13,
but that number is expected to rise.
Is this him? Jorgensen?
Looks like it.
Oh my God.
[Camila] Why would anyone
do something like this?
[Cyrus] He'll sacrifice anyone
to make a profit.
And these are just the starters.
The main course is in ten days.
Ten days?
You're kidding, right?
No, I'm not kidding.
I'm pulling it. This is no longer our job.
- What? Cyrus, you said...
- I said I would.
The deal was me.
[sighs]
I told you when you joined the crew
I'd never let you walk
into certain danger.
I'm telling you all to walk away.
[gentle music playing]
And what's your plan without us?
I'll figure it out.
It's not your problem, not anymore.
- You're serious?
- I am.
[chuckles] You just expect us to walk away
and let you have all the fun? No.
- That look like fun?
- [Magnus] Not that.
We're dealing with a guy willing
to kill whatever gets in his way.
I'm sorry, it's too much of a risk.
You know how much I like risk.
It's not just about us.
I'm in.
Me too.
- Denton...
- Cyrus, I'm in.
Yeah, me too.
I can't leave you with... this.
Count me in too.
[sighs]
[Camila clears throat]
[coughs] Yeah, me too, I... I guess.
You can't do this without us.
[Camila chuckles] Let's work.
[gentle music fades]
They really love you.
I mean, what's not to love?
- What did it take you? Like a week?
- Oh my God.
You are really, really easy to hate.
Agree to disagree.
- [softly] Five days.
- [chuckles]
[ominous music playing]
I'm impressed.
My portfolio thanks you.
[leader on phone] You wanted proof.
Leviathan always delivers.
[Jorgensen] You can end
your little demonstration now.
Just have our gold ready.
I will.
[phone beeps]
Hmm.
[ominous music fades]
[Mi-Sun] I built the PSID so we can make
the A380 disappear from radar,
but there's one small issue.
It looks like a bomb.
- Yeah.
- [Cyrus] Is that not a bomb?
- Definitely looks like a bomb.
- Yeah.
Does it separate into parts?
In theory.
So, could you hide those parts
and then give each of us pieces?
Then we reassemble it on the plane.
[funky music playing]
Hmm. Possible.
- ["777" by Bruno Mars playing]
- ♪ Let's go! ♪
♪ Oh, whatever you wanna do, baby... ♪
- [Mi-Sun] For you, Abby.
- Thank you.
- [Mi-Sun] For Luke.
[Mi-Sun] And that's for you, Magnus.
♪ Your pretty-ass lips together
Blow it real nice for me ♪
- ♪ Blow it real nice for me ♪
- ♪ Yeah... ♪
Game on.
Okay, guys, listen up.
We need to intercept the gold
before it gets to Jorgensen
so he can't pay the hackers.
[camera whirring]
[Luke] A little more to the left.
Just checking the LED screen now.
- We get the pilot we wanted?
- [Mi-Sun] Yes.
With experience landing in Afghanistan.
That's good. He can handle
the short, snowy runway in the Alps.
Camila, that's when you deploy the drone
to Zurich, and you follow us to Cortina.
Magnus, need you
to keep an eye on the clock.
You got ten minutes
once you start on that safe.
- 11:55!
- So close!
When we land,
Harry's guys'll be on the ground
to offload the gold
onto a train by the landing strip.
At the next station,
Interpol will be waiting
to receive our half billion in gold.
Boo.
I like this one.
[metal plates clanking]
♪ This the big one ♪
- ♪ Uh! ♪
- ♪ You gotta trust your gut ♪
♪ Gotta trust your gut ♪
♪ Can you feel it? ♪
♪ I can feel it ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
- ♪ This the big one ♪
- ♪ Big money ♪
♪ You gotta trust your gut ♪
♪ You gotta trust your gut, now, now ♪
- ♪ Can you feel it? ♪
- ♪ I can feel it... ♪
[alarm rings]
- 9:38!
- 9:38! 9:38!
- Whoo-hoo!
- Yes!
- [alert beeps]
Yes! Whoo!
- Yo!
- No.
[groans] Oh my God!
If it was in a movie, it would go like,
"Hey, let's steal a plane!"
You'd put your hand in,
and people would be like... "Ah!"
Stop doing that!
- Honestly, it's just awkward.
- It felt like the moment.
[Luke] Read the room.
- ["777" ends]
- So how stealth is it, exactly?
To a radar,
it will be like a small bird.
Practically undetectable.
I don't think I want
Mollsen to have that capability.
[group chuckles]
- So you think you can fly it?
- I guess we'll find out tomorrow.
[Cyrus] Rest up.
Tomorrow's the biggest lift of our lives.
[energetic music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
This is the outfit you chose?
This is what I'm wearing
for this incredibly serious operation?
Jorgensen is gonna have guys on the plane.
Sometimes the best way
to blend in is to stand out.
Nobody's gonna suspect
the rich douche and his trophy wife
sitting in first class, sipping champagne.
Oh, is calling me a trophy wife
your idea of flattery?
No.
Calling you my wife was.
["Phantom" by Shirt playing]
♪ Hey ♪
[upbeat, funky music building]
- ♪ Hey ♪
- ♪ Be cool, now ♪
♪ I'mma do something ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ Be cool, now ♪
♪ Hey ♪
[machinery whirring]
["Phantom" ends]
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome aboard Sky Suisse flight 1412
with service
to Zurich International Airport
continuing to Melbourne.
- All carry-on items should now be stowed...
- You nervous?
Right now? Very much so.
- You?
- No. [sighs]
I love every second of this.
Is everybody in position?
I'm all set.
[Denton sniffles] Never better.
[clears throat]
Good to go.
Luke, what about you?
Luke?
Did anybody see Luke get on the plane?
[tense music playing]
[Cyrus sighs]
[phone beeps]
Luke, where are you, buddy?
I'm sorry. I, uh...
I couldn't do it.
It's just not worth the risk.
[softly] We lost Luke.
[Abby gasps]
All good. I'll see you on the other side.
Sorry, boss.
- No worries.
- [phone beeps]
Mi-Sun, how bad is this gonna hurt us?
Luke had the signal booster,
so the PSID will still work,
but only if it's close to the cockpit.
How close?
Mm, thirty feet?
Someone has to go to the coach bathroom,
where the pieces are,
and take 'em to the first-class bathroom?
[Mi-Sun] Yeah.
I'll do it.
Are you sure you want to take this on?
Yeah.
All right, Mi-Sun,
Abby's gonna handle the PSID.
You just gotta tell her how it works.
[tense music continues]
[engines powering up]
[cameras whir]
[exhales, in Spanish] Okay.
[in English] Guys, we've got eyes on us.
Two in first class.
Three in economy.
[Cyrus] Copy that. Keep your eyes open
in case they make a move.
[engines roar]
[flight attendant] Ladies and gentlemen,
we have reached cruising altitude.
You are free to move about the cabin.
[Denton blowing nose]
[Magnus] Game on.
[seat belt clicks open]
[Magnus clears throat]
Just in time.
We should be over the English Channel now.
Victor Sierra 14-12,
Brussels, continue at 34,000,
and expect slight turbulence going
over the top of the mountains.
There's a low-pressure system forming.
Copy that, control.
[indistinct chatter]
[engines whirring]
Here you are.
Abby, you're up.
Ten minutes till we rendezvous
with Camila.
- You sure you're up for this?
- Yeah.
I'm going in.
[energetic music playing]
[captain] This is the captain speaking.
We're approaching a low-pressure system.
Could give us
a little turbulence up ahead.
For your safety, I've turned on
the fasten seatbelt sign.
[PA system beeps]
[whirs, beeps]
[gasps]
[under breath] Shit!
No, no! No, no, no!
[sighs]
Here we go.
[knocking on door]
- [Cyrus] Abby, it's me.
- [door unlocks]
Baby, I need your help in here.
What did you do?
- Tell me you know how to help me fix this!
- Shit! I don't know. I think so.
[Mi-Sun] Abby, what's going on?
We're running out of time.
Camila's almost on our tail.
[knocking on door]
[gruffly] Hurry up, eh? Come on.
[knocking continues]
Um...
[Abby moaning loudly]
[panting] Oh yeah, baby!
Oh yeah!
[automated voice] Traffic!
Traffic! Traffic! Traffic!
[alarm beeping]
[suspenseful music playing]
[exhales sharply]
[automated voice] Traffic!
[sighs]
[Abby moans] Keep going!
- All right, how long until the switch?
- A minute, 30 seconds.
- [speaking Spanish]
- [automated voice] Descend! Descend!
[in Spanish] Come on.
[automated voice in English] Descend!
Descend!
- Descend!
- [moans]
[Cyrus grunts]
[suspenseful music continues]
[static crackling]
[automated voice] Descend! Descend!
[exhales]
No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no...
- [console chimes]
- [suspenseful music fades]
[triumphant orchestral music playing]
[Camila laughs]
[alert beeps]
[sighs]
Oh shit. Come on. Come on.
Almost there. Almost there, baby.
Don't stop!
[woman] Pardon, Harry,
are you seeing this?
What?
The... the board
is showing two Victor Sierra 14-12s.
Oh, it's probably just a glitch.
Happens every now and then.
I have never seen this before.
Are you going to notify Jean-Pierre?
Sandra, I'm gonna have
to start reporting this
relentless undermining behavior to HR.
- What?
- You think I'm unable to do my job.
Is it 'cause of the chair?
What? No!
'Cause your constant challenging
of my decision-making,
it... it makes me feel attacked
and... and, frankly, unsafe. [sighs]
I'm... I'm so sorry.
There. See?
You really should look
at your unexamined prejudices,
Sandra, yeah?
- [sighs] Okay.
- Course. Off you pop.
[clatters]
[panting]
- Okay.
- Wait, wait, wait.
Now it's real.
[quietly] Excuse me.
Wow.
- All yours, big guy.
- Mm.
[sighs] Harry, I just wanted to say
I'm so sorry about before.
- Were you getting a coffee?
- No. But I could!
Cappuccino, please. From the good place.
- Where is the good place?
- Kind of busy, Sandra.
Oh, okay.
Victor Sierra, 14-12. Control.
[pilot] This is Victor Sierra, 14-12.
We have an AWOS warning
coming out of Zurich.
High winds, extreme weather,
low visibility and falling.
Flooding on the runway.
Zurich tower is diverting all
inbound traffic to the nearest airport.
Copy that, control.
Yeah. We just felt a few bumps.
Which airport would that be?
Please proceed to Charlie Delta Foxtrot.
Short runway, but it shouldn't be
too challenging for a pilot of your skill.
Copy that, control.
- Proceeding as directed.
- [sighs]
Victor Sierra 14-12.
Set course to Cortina.
Control to Victor Sierra 14-12.
VS 14-12, go ahead.
You are clear for deployment.
[Camila] Roger that.
Okay, boss.
The drone is heading to Zurich.
See you in Cortina.
[Harry] Victor Sierra 14-12,
confirming your approach
to Zurich is on course.
[exhales]
[whistles nonchalantly]
- [PA chimes]
- This is the captain speaking.
Unfortunately, the weather in Zurich
has taken a severe turn.
We've been instructed to land
in Cortina, the nearest airport.
[PA chimes]
[tense music playing]
Denton, Magnus, it's vault time.
Our friends are getting restless,
but we gotta stick to the clock.
[Denton sighs]
Miss!
[grunts] I was wondering if you could...
[sniffles] Well, I'm having trouble
with the flight entertainment.
Of course, sir.
It's a bit tricky, isn't it?
I was wondering if it's this button.
- [attendant] Yes. This button, right here.
- [Denton] Course.
This button here?
[attendant] There you go.
Then you just pick and choose...
[Denton] There you go!
Is that okay?
This is wonderful.
I think I'll watch me a movie
or something.
[attendant] Wonderful!
[Cyrus] All right, Mi-Sun, you're up.
- Okay.
- Lock down outside communications.
Cutting off the Wi-Fi now.
Excuse me,
there's no vaping on the flight.
Look at that. You caught me.
I wouldn't dream of it.
I'll take these.
[Cyrus] Thank you.
[bag unzips]
[flight attendant] We apologize
for the interruption with the Wi-Fi.
We are working to correct the problem.
Mi-Sun, how's the door sensor?
You're good to go.
Just be careful of that pressure variance.
[Magnus] Uh, yeah. Thanks, Mom.
[air gushes]
[keypad beeps]
[Magnus] Showtime.
- Showtime?
- [keypad beeps]
It's supposed to be cool. Showtime!
Show... [groans]
[low rattling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[quietly] Shit.
I'm sorry, sir,
but you'll have to take your seat.
Sláinte.
[attendant] Sir!
[gasps]
We're landing in Zurich.
All right, page the captain.
Tell him we got a medical emergency. Oi?
They won't open the door.
They will when they know
you're the one with the emergency.
Trying to get in the cockpit.
- We gotta buy Magnus some time.
- [grunts]
- [rattling]
- [passengers scream]
- Cyrus!
- [both grunt]
Come on!
[grunts]
[chamber clicks]
[Cyrus grunts]
[attendant groans, panting]
[passengers screaming]
[Abby grunts]
[machinery whirring]
[Abby groans]
[attendant panting]
[laughs]
[Cyrus moans]
Shit!
[bright instrumental music playing]
[machinery whirring]
Yes!
[bright music swells]
[bright music fades]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
- [groans]
- [Cyrus yells]
[groans]
Come on. We gotta go check on Magnus.
- [wind whipping]
- [ominous music playing]
Gear down.
[landing gear whirring]
[pilot] Flight attendants,
get everyone to their seats.
About to check on the gold, were we?
[engines straining]
[grunts]
[alert beeping]
[copilot] Ah!
[passengers screaming]
[brakes screeching]
[ominous music subsides]
[engines hissing]
[tense music pulsating]
[roar of jet engines dies down]
[Magnus, quietly] Okay. Yes.
- They got the vault open, but that's it.
- Did you check it?
Cyrus, I was so close. I'm sorry.
You did good, buddy.
See, Cormac. We did you proud!
Oh, you think that, do you?
You think Jorgensen's gonna be proud
of this?!
[cell phone vibrating]
[call connects]
[Cormac] Yes, sir?
Cormac, I've just had a phone call
from my men at Zurich airport.
And you know what they told me?
A drone landed in Zurich.
- It's under control, sir.
- [door opens]
Team of thieves tried to jack the payload,
but we took 'em down.
- The gold's all here.
- Where is "here"?
It's a small airstrip in the Alps.
These amateurs provided a second plane.
Who are they?
Just some small-time crooks
trying to make a name for themselves.
Then I can help them.
Bring the thieves and the gold to me here.
You have an hour.
[phone beeps]
- [Cormac] Come!
- [Cyrus] All right.
- [Camila] No, no, no...
- [Cormac] Let's go.
[Camila sighs]
What happened?
You're working for me now.
We're flying to Tuscany.
- It's just a little detour. That's all.
- Shut up. You're coming with me.
- It's not a smart move.
- Interpol knows where we are.
- They'll follow us.
- Not if they can't see us.
We were tracking the Airbus the whole way,
and we didn't see this jet.
So neither will your friends.
Get the gold on board.
Wait. Wait, no.
The jet can't take that much weight.
[Cyrus] That's why we got the trains.
It's at the end of the runway.
Look, if you don't believe us,
send one of your guys so they can see.
Well, I'll take my chances with the jet,
but we'll lighten the load.
Dispose of him.
- No. Wait. Wait. Hey! Hey! Hey!
- [Cormac] You two, let's go.
Let's go!
- [music fades]
- [indistinct announcement on PA]
[Stefano] Sir! Sir?
Huh?
- We just got word from Brussels.
- Uh-huh?
There was an attempt
to breach the plane's cockpit.
[sighs] Okay, go on.
Passengers intervened,
then they forced a couple passengers
onto a private jet.
- Well, where's the jet now?
- We are having trouble tracking it, sir.
Then what are you doing standing here?
Go find it!
[jet engines roar]
[PA chimes]
You strapped in tight?
Yes.
Good.
- [engines whir]
- [groans]
[tense music playing]
What the hell was that?
- Answer him.
- It's the gold!
It's throwing us off balance. I told you.
[quietly] She's not done.
- [engines whir]
- [groans]
[Cormac grunts]
[plates clang]
She's shaking off the stealth mods,
isn't she?
She sure is.
[Cormac groans]
[alerts beeping]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[goon] Keep it moving!
Yeah. I'm just not really a gun guy,
so I get a little nervous.
I mean, you can have
your Second Amendment rights. Do you...
- [goon] Stop talking!
- Okay.
- Stop talking. Just keep walking.
- Okay. That is a cool gun.
I'm guessing the barrel
is carbon nanofiber
harvested from a vape pen
with liquid propellant.
That is awesome.
- Turn around!
- Okay! Okay. Okay.
[both grunting]
[goon groans] Jesus!
I don't do guns!
[goon groaning]
[Magnus] I'm sorry about the nose,
but we're cool, right?
I'll go my way, you go yours.
Okay. I'm good.
- [goon screams]
- [Magnus yelps]
[shrieks]
Oh!
That's...
Okay.
You should probably call a doctor!
We have located the jet, sir.
It's headed toward Italy.
[Huxley] Doesn't Jorgensen
have property here?
Yes, there's a villa
under a shell company in Tuscany.
Should we send in the Carabinieri?
[Huxley] We don't have
hard evidence on him yet.
Get me a line to NATO.
I'll tell them we have an unidentified jet
that's a terrorist threat,
and we need to shoot them down.
But Agent Gladwell could be on it.
[Huxley] We can't risk
Jorgensen getting that gold.
Get me NATO.
[engines whirring]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[engines roar]
Copy. NFR 180, proceed
to waypoint to confirm visual.
Oh, Leviathan. Welcome.
Nice to meet some of you in person.
Where is the gold?
Ah.
Leviathan didn't send me here
for small talk.
[leader] My colleague in Zurich
says your plane did not land.
That was our plan
to distract the authorities.
The gold will arrive here.
Well, I hope so. We don't want
to have to empty all your bank accounts.
What do you mean?
The Caymans, Monaco, Panama,
Switzerland, Singapore, and the Maldives.
We know where your money is.
And we can make it
all disappear in seconds.
That's why we only deal in gold.
Unhackable,
untraceable.
It will be here within an hour.
[ominous music playing]
[alert beeping]
[Harry] Oh shit.
Get me NATO.
[engines roar]
[NATO pilot on radio]
This is NATO First Response.
I say again, this is NATO First Response.
You are in direct violation
of civilian aviation regulations.
Identify, or we will engage with force.
- Civilian aircraft...
- Don't answer.
[pilot] I say again,
you are in direct violation
of civilian aviation regulations.
Establish radio contact immediately,
or you will be fired upon
with live ordnance.
November Foxtrot Romeo 180,
please be advised,
you're tracking a private aircraft.
There are civilians on board.
Repeat, there are civilians on board.
[NATO air control]
NFR to Commander Huxley.
We have unconfirmed reports
of civilians on board.
Say again.
Unconfirmed from Brussels ATC,
civilians on the aircraft.
Repeated attempts to contact
have been met with radio silence.
Please advise.
Look, we don't know
if they're on that plane.
If that plane makes it,
then people are gonna die.
We can't let Leviathan get that gold.
Do you hear me?
Whatever they're planning
is bigger and deadlier than Madrid,
and we can't risk it.
[NATO air control] What's your order,
Commander?
Shoot it down.
[NATO air control] Copy.
NFR 180, continue to attempt contact.
If unresponsive, commence
60-second warning on aircraft.
[under breath] Oh shit. Shit, shit, shit.
- They're gonna shoot us down.
- They're bluffing!
[NATO pilot] Systems armed.
[alert beeping]
[NATO pilot] Weapons hot.
Unidentified aircraft, be advised.
You have 60 seconds
to establish radio contact on 132.175.
[remote beeps]
[goon grunts]
[groans]
- [grunts]
- [Cormac groans]
[cries out]
[both grunting]
Abby! "Ball so hard!"
[groans]
[Abby strains]
[NATO pilot] Twenty seconds!
- [remote chimes]
- [exhales, grunts]
- [both groan]
- [NATO pilot] Ten seconds!
[engines strain]
[all yelp]
Oh my God!
[NATO pilot] Control, we have contact.
Civilian hostages on board.
That's what I've been saying!
[NATO pilot] Please advise.
NFR 180, stand down. Repeat, stand down.
Commander Huxley, we have confirmation
of civilians on board.
We're tracking the flight now,
and we'll notify the local authorities
upon its descent and landing.
Copy.
[NATO pilot] Stand down and break off.
Repeat, standing down and breaking off.
Yes! Yes!
[tense music playing]
[both grunting]
[groans]
Make sure she lands the damn plane!
[Abby groans]
[exhales]
Right the plane!
[engines whir]
- [groans]
- Sorry about that.
- [yelps]
- [grunts]
[Cyrus groans]
[moans]
[both grunting]
[Camila gasps]
[groans]
- Take it down! Now!
- [crying] Okay! I'm sorry.
- [engines whir]
- [bones crack]
[grunts]
- [dramatic music playing]
- [passengers grunt]
Get the remote!
[Abby straining]
[Cormac cries out]
[Cyrus groans]
[strains]
- Hit it now!
- [remote beeps]
[glass shards clinking]
[Cormac groans]
Bang-bang.
We gotta get to the cockpit!
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
- [alarms beeping]
- Grab him! I can't fly.
My wrist!
[Cyrus and Abby grunt]
Okay, switch. Switch. Switch.
Camila, tell us what to do!
Pull up! Pull up!
Pull up! Pull up! Pull up!
[engines strain]
[dramatic music fades]
[exhales] Okay. You okay?
I'm loving every second
of this. [chuckles]
[plate rattles]
What was that? What just happened?
- [alert blaring]
- [tense music playing]
[Cyrus screams]
- [Camila] No!
- [Cyrus] What happened?
- [Abby] Camila!
- What just happened?
- We lost the hydraulic pump!
- What does that mean?
[Camila] Steering is almost impossible.
[on earpiece] We've got to land now,
or we'll lose control!
I'm gonna try to steer us
using the engines. Yeah!
[Abby] That's Jorgensen's compound.
No, no, no. We're coming in too fast!
We can't make the landing strip!
We're gonna have to use the road.
There's your gold, right on time.
[cursing in Spanish]
We're coming in hot!
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
Pull up! Give it everything you have!
Pull up! Pull up!
[brakes screech]
[all scream]
[Camila whines]
[Glad well screams]
[all yelp]
- [alerts blaring]
- [dramatic music fades]
[panting]
- I can't believe it.
- [Camila sighs]
We did it.
- [sighs]
- [Abby on earpiece] We did it.
Yeah.
We successfully landed the gold
on Jorgensen's estate.
[Jorgensen] Ah.
[Abby coughing]
[in Italian] Out!
Let's go!
[fuselage groaning]
[in English] Remember Venice?
Of course.
[Camila on earpiece]
Why are you bringing up Venice now, Cyrus?
[guard shouts in Italian]
God, I really loved that NFT.
[quietly] Yeah.
Now, Mi-Sun, you know what we need to do.
- [on earpiece] Follow Cyrus's lead.
- I'm on it.
- [guards shouting in Italian]
- [Jorgensen] Cormac? Where is Cormac?
Cormac didn't make it.
Who the hell are you?
[cell phone vibrating]
- Get the boats ready.
- It's, uh, Leviathan, right?
- [leader] What is going on?
- I assure you, all is under control.
I'm not gonna ask you again.
- Who are you?
- [leader] Interpol.
Just got this. One of them is Interpol!
This is over. We're out.
- [gun fires]
- [leader screams]
That was a clean shot through your leg
so you can still type on your computer.
Next shot, no more typing.
Do we still have a deal?
[breathing shakily]
[group gasps]
As you can see,
I don't like to repeat myself, so...
Which one of you is Interpol?
It's me.
It's me. I'm Interpol.
Agent Gladwell.
These are just civilians that your guys
took hostage. You can let them go.
[Jorgensen laughs]
Say goodbye, Agent Gladwell.
[sirens approaching]
[Jorgensen gasps] Huh?
[dramatic, rhythmic music playing]
[officer 1 in Italian]
Hands up, guns down!
[officers shouting orders]
[officer 2] Hands up!
Agent Gladwell, Interpol.
- [sighs]
- [Abby in English] She's been shot!
[in Italian] It was him!
[dramatic music subsides]
[in English] These people are intruders.
I was defending my property.
Now, hold on.
You collect art, right?
NFTs.
You know, some people
say that they're a passing fad.
I say that all art
just depends on the artist.
[energetic music pulsing]
Mi-Sun, play it.
My pleasure.
[screen beeps]
[energetic music building]
[Cyrus] Enjoy prison.
- [officer 3 in Italian] Let's go.
- Move!
[in English] Wait!
[officer 3 shouts]
[chuckles]
Well done, Mi-Sun.
[Jorgensen in Italian] Bloody hell!
[helicopter blades whirring]
[man shouting in Italian]
[in English] Agent Gladwell!
[gasps]
[gentle music playing]
[chuckles softly]
Agent Gladwell.
I guess we're done.
[indistinct chatter]
Thanks for the backup, Stefano.
[Stefano inhales sharply]
[Huxley] Listen to me. Do you understand?
To tell you the truth,
I wasn't sure you were going to make it.
Neither was I.
[Stefano] Abby, the NATO jets
were this close.
Let's go.
Yeah.
Thank God Huxley stopped them.
It was Huxley that stopped them, right?
[sighs]
Stefano?
Abby, let me explain.
[groans]
No need.
I quit.
[sighs]
You need a lift?
[energetic, rhythmic funk playing]
[chuckles softly]
- ["Busy Earnin'" by Jungle playing]
- ♪ So you come a long way ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, but you'll never have me ♪
♪ Never have things for a normal life ♪
♪ It's time ♪
♪ Too busy earnin' ♪
Where are we?
[chuckles] You'll see.
- ["Busy Earnin'" fades]
- [birds singing]
You know, I didn't trust Huxley.
You were obviously right about that.
But I've always trusted you.
That was never in question.
You know, in Paris,
our first week... [sighs]
...I didn't fall in love with the cover.
I fell in love with the way
you looked at the art,
the way that you cared about
something that wasn't even yours.
Losing you during that week
was the stupidest thing I've ever done
in a lifetime full of stupid things.
I don't want to lose you again.
So, I got you something.
[papers rustle]
[Cyrus] Mm.
[Abby] "Liam Dower"?
Liam Dower stole
your mother's Hockney print.
What?
- How did you...
- I asked around.
I found him, found out
who he sold it to, and I bought it.
You bought it?
For your school.
[gasps softly]
Now, I want you
to hold on to that feeling.
Like, hold it. Because there's more.
Another little thing.
A little something.
There's a little more. Um...
We stole the gold.
- What?
- Yeah.
- How?
- Okay, the first part, you knew about.
The part of the plan
you didn't know about,
while we recruited Harry in Brussels,
Magnus dipped hundreds
of iron bars in gold paint
which we sent
on our own crates via Sky Suisse cargo.
On the plane,
while we were distracting the guys up top,
- [Abby grunts]
- [both groan]
[Cyrus] Magnus waited
until the plane was on approach,
he swapped the crates.
We just had to guide
the real gold out the door.
- [wind gusts]
- [Abby] And Luke?
[Cyrus] He was never out.
He just had a different gig.
And all he had to do
was guide it in for the safe landing.
So what did Huxley end up with?
[Cyrus chuckling]
Homeboy?
[Huxley grunts]
[Cyrus] He got nothing.
Come on. Let's go meet the team.
[laughing] Yeah!
Hey, hey, hey! Come here!
- [exclaims] We did it!
- [Cyrus grunts]
[Cyrus] Oh! Our little fighter pilot!
- [Camila] That's me!
- [Mi-Sun] Hey, you did it!
No, we. We did it.
- [Magnus] Luke!
- [Luke] 'Sup!
[Camila laughs]
Do you want to do the honors?
[Cyrus sighs]
[takes a deep breath, chuckles]
Oh no, no.
I... I shouldn't even be here. [chuckles]
- Come on.
- [Cyrus] You should.
- [Camila] Come on.
- [Magnus] Do it. I'll do it.
[Mi-Sun] Do it.
- Yeah!
- Right there.
- [group laughs]
- [Denton] Yeah.
- [Camila laughs]
- Whoo.
[takes a deep breath]
[controls beep]
[low rumbling]
- [Magnus] Here it is!
- [laughs]
- [group laughing]
- Oh.
It worked. It worked.
Does it always feel this good?
It's never been this good.
[tender, rhythmic music playing]
- [Mi-Sun giggles]
- Magnus, stop.
Welcome to the team, Agent Gladwell.
Oh please.
Call me Abby.
[chuckles]
- Hey!
- [Mi-Sun] Hey!
- [Luke] Welcome, Abby.
- [Cyrus] That's a good job, guys!
- Come on.
- All right.
[group laughs and chatters]
- You get one. Just one.
- Yeah!
[group] Oh!
- [all cheer]
- [uplifting R&B playing]
[Cyrus] Good. Can we get our gold?
- [Mi-Sun] Yes!
- [Cyrus] Let's get our gold!
[Magnus] Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
["Move on Up" by Curtis Mayfield playing]
♪ Hush now, child ♪
♪ And don't you cry ♪
♪ Your folks might understand you ♪
♪ By and by ♪
♪ Just move on up ♪
♪ Towards your destination ♪
♪ Though you may find ♪
♪ From time to time ♪
♪ Complication ♪
♪ Bite your lip ♪
♪ And take a trip ♪
♪ Though there may be wet road ahead ♪
♪ And you cannot slip ♪
♪ Just move on up ♪
♪ For peace you will find ♪
♪ Into the steeple of beautiful people ♪
♪ Where there's only one kind ♪
♪ So hush now, child ♪
♪ And don't you cry ♪
♪ Your folks might understand you ♪
♪ By and by ♪
♪ Move on up ♪
♪ And keep on wishin' ♪
♪ Remember your dream
Is your only scheme ♪
♪ So keep on pushin' ♪
♪ Take nothing less ♪
♪ Than the supreme best ♪
♪ Do not obey rumors people say ♪
♪ 'Cause you can pass the test ♪
♪ Just move on up ♪
♪ To a greater day ♪
♪ With just a little faith ♪
♪ If you put your mind to it ♪
♪ You can surely do it ♪
♪ Just move on up ♪
♪ Move on up ♪
- ["Move on Up" fades]
- [dramatic orchestral music playing]
[tense, rhythmic music playing]
[ominous orchestral music playing]
[epic orchestral music playing]
[energetic electronic music playing]
[gentle instrumental music playing]
[somber piano music playing]
[energetic, rhythmic music playing]
[music fades]